The next type of content I want to cover an expert roundup is essentially a combination of a list post
and an interview.
You may find that the most prominent experts in your industry are busy and simply don't have time for
an extended interview.
That's OK.
We can work around that with a round up style post where we ask a bunch of different experts one question
and then compile their answers for our audience.
Even the busiest people who you'd have no chance of interviewing for an hour may have time to answer
one question for you.
The process is pretty simple.
Email all the leading experts in your space.
Let them know what you're doing and ask them if they'd kindly answer one question for you.
For example, you could ask for their number one piece of advice, their favorite tools or products
or something more specific, like how they'd handle a particular problem.
Once you've got some responses, all you have to do is compile them together and you've got an extremely
valuable piece of content showing the various thoughts and perspectives from the captains of your industry.
There's another approach to this type of content that doesn't even require an interview of people to
follow list.
I'm sure you've seen these.
A good example is Entrepreneur Dotcoms, 50 online marketing influencers to watch.
This is basically a who's who of your industry, a list of people you feel are worth following and why
structure it like a list post.
Start with the person's name.
Write up a short blurb about who they are and why they matter, and be sure to include any relevant
links like their website or their Twitter account.
Expert roundups are valuable in and of themselves because they introduce your audience to important
figures they should know about.
But they also generate some extra buzz when the experts themselves share them.
If someone takes the time to answer your question or offer some advice for your round up, or even if
they just find themselves featured unexpectedly in your people to follow list, more often than not,
they'll want to share that content with their own audience.